The customer asked: what happens after I share my layout?
1.2
This module gives you the whole journey — theirs and ours.
2.1
Three steps.
2.2
We prepare a customised proposal and estimate from their drawings.
2.3
Once the budget aligns, Sales creates the detailed technical drawings.
2.4
And on confirmation, the order enters production.
3.1
End to end, final order to installation runs about three to four months, depending on site conditions and design complexity.
3.2
Site visits come after design discussion and commercial alignment.
3.3
Samples are always available.
3.4
And assembly is factory-engineered: CNC-precision panels, pre-cut, edge-finished, fixed with specialised hardware — not just adhesives.
4.1
Now zoom out.
4.2
The full Magppie journey runs in four phases.
4.3
Phase one, sales-led acquisition — that's you, with BD.
4.4
Phase two, design-led detailing.
4.5
Phase three, factory-led production.
4.6
Phase four, aftercare.
4.7
Know what happens before and after your phase — it's how you speak about the whole company with confidence.
5.1
Your process notes.
5.2
One — layout, then proposal and estimate, then technical drawings, then production.
5.3
Two — about three to four months from final order to installation.
5.4
Three — four phases: sales-led acquisition, design-led detailing, factory-led production, aftercare.
5.5
Sales owns phase one.
6.1
Three steps after the layout, three to four months to installation, four phases around it all.
6.2
Quiz time.